There you are! How dare you steal my fiancee!
Looks like another relationship by the dust, Laura.
Looks like stealing men. Is that how they lose?
Get away from him! He's engaged to me!
Hey, hey, hey, hey. Hold your horses away. That ended a long time ago.
Engaged to you. Everyone in Maplewood knows what you did to Brian.
The relationship's history. That was just a little tip.
You really think that could tear us apart? Don't you know who I am?
Don't pretend like you don't know.
Oh, honey. She don't recognize royalty, let alone in Duke.
She's just a maid. Remember? I don't have time for all this drama.
Brian, let's head inside.
Brian, how could you choose this cleaner over me?
Can you humiliate me in front of all of Maplewood?
There's nothing left to say going. Don't make this a scene, shall we?